We're almost done with the generate set up.
Now let's just adjust our store to not Frot local storage Aeros during the generation in in and off.
The problem is that we always enter does local storage mode here.
If we don't have a request object now we never have a request object during the local generation because
no server is running.
There is no request but there also is no local storage.
So we have never we don't have a request.
We're not on the server but we also are not on the client.
We're in a generation mode.
I'd say now to fix this error we should add a condition to this L's case where we check if the process
is client which it only is if we really are on the client and not if we are generating this else if
it's not then token will be null and expiration date equals null or we don't do that because then it's
simply undefined as set up here.
So now if we rerun and run generate with that additional check integrated we shouldn't get that error
anymore because now this code shouldn't be executed during the generation of our pages.
So you see it here you see the middleware was even executed.
So that happens during the generation.
But there's of course only means that our urban area are protected resources are safe because here the
Dedman files which are generated don't actually hold any content which would be sensible or which should
be protected because it was not loaded because there was no token.
So generating content works fine with authentication protected content and that was the last part generating
pages.
If you wanted to deploy this you would simply deployed the entire folder contents of the disk folder.
I mean that the entire contents of that disk folder to a static host and you would still return your
index HVM else file for all unknown routes.
But a lot more routes would be known because you got a real folder structure with real pre-generated
files and if you can I can strongly recommend using the generate command because it really gives your
awesome search engine optimization opportunity without the requirement of constantly running a notorious
server.